Updates to the Readme File (#1259)
neo4j/neo4j-javascript-driver: README.md

To get the latest stable release omit `@next` part altogether or use `@latest` instead.

```javascript
// If you are using CommonJS
var neo4j = require('neo4j-driver')
// Alternatively, if you are using ES6
import neo4j from 'neo4j-driver'
```

> Driver instance should be closed when Node.js application exits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Driver instance should be closed when the application exits:
```
1) needs an article
2) we're not only supporting Node.js nor does this advice only apply to Node

  })
```

### Consuming Records

#### Consuming Records with Streaming API

```javascript
// Run a Cypher statement, reading the result in a streaming manner as records arrive:
driver
  .executeQuery('MERGE (alice:Person {name : $nameParam}) RETURN alice.name AS name', {
    nameParam: 'Alice'
  })

>   .subscribe({

Reviewer: `TypeError: driver.executeQuery(...).subscribe is not a function`

    onKeys: keys => {
      console.log(keys)
    },
    onNext: record => {
      console.log(record.get('name'))
    },
    onCompleted: () => {
      session.close() // returns a Promise
    },
    onError: error => {
      console.log(error)
    }
  })
```

Subscriber API allows following combinations of `onKeys`, `onNext`, `onCompleted` and `onError` callback invocations:

- zero or one `onKeys`,
- zero or more `onNext` followed by `onCompleted` when operation was successful. `onError` will not be invoked in this case
- zero or more `onNext` followed by `onError` when operation failed. Callback `onError` might be invoked after couple `onNext` invocations because records are streamed lazily by the database. `onCompleted` will not be invoked in this case.

#### Consuming Records with Promise API

```javascript
// the Promise way, where the complete result is collected before we act on it:
driver
  .executeQuery('MERGE (james:Person {name : $nameParam}) RETURN james.name AS name', {
    nameParam: 'James'
  })
  .then(result => {
    result.records.forEach(record => {
      console.log(record.get('name'))
    })
  })
  .catch(error => {
    console.log(error)
  })

>   .then(() => session.close())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .then(() => driver.close())
```
There is no session here
